---
id: shortcodes
title: Shortcodes
sidebar_label: Shortcodes
---

Here we have a complete reference guide to all shortcodes available in the plugin, 
with all attributes.

<AUTOGENERATED_TABLE_OF_CONTENTS>

---

## Shortcode reference

Almost all of the shortcodes below can be used without attributes, 
please view the specific instructions for each shortcode.

---

### `[eduadmin-bookingview]`

The booking view shortcode renders the actual form, 
that end users use when they want to complete their booking.

> The plugin will not work without it. (Unless if you only work with interest registration.)

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| template  | string (`template_A`) | template_A |
| courseid  | integer | _null_ |
| hideinvoiceemailfield | boolean | _null_ |
| showinvoiceinformation | boolean | _null_ |

The `template`-attribute will allow you to create custom booking pages, 
that uses different templates. Currently we only have `template_A` available for use.

The `courseid`-attribute will allow you to create a booking page, 
for a specific course template.

The `hideinvoiceemailfield`-attribute, if set to `true`, 
will hide the email field for invoices

The `showinvoiceinformation`-attribute, if set to `true`, 
will force open the invoice section when the booking form is loaded.

---

### `[eduadmin-coursepublicpricename]`

Used to output all available price names for a specific course template.

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| courseid | integer | _null_ |
| orderby | string | _null_ |
| order | string (`ASC`, `DESC`) | _null_ |
| numberofprices | integer | _null_ |

With the `courseid`-attribute, you can output the price names for a specific course template.

The `orderby`-attribute gives you the possibility to change the sort order of the outputted price names,
and the `order`-attribute decides in which way it should sort.

They work like other `orderby` and `order` attributes, so they are whitespace-separated.
The available fields for sorting is available in the
[**API Documentation**](https://api.eduadmin.se/?page=read#operation/GetSingleCourseTemplate)
under the _Read only OData version 4.0_ section, and then _CourseTemplates_, 
and then expand the _PriceNames_-property to the right.

Currently (as of writing this document) these fields are available

```json
{
  "PriceNameId": 0,
  "PriceNameDescription": "string",
  "PublicPriceName": true,
  "GroupPrice": true,
  "Price": 0,
  "PriceNameCode": "string"
}
```

The `numberofprices` will limit the amount of visible price names (if there are more than specified), 
to the number you enter in this attribute.

---

### `[eduadmin-detailinfo]`

This shortcode is used when you want to create your own custom template [**detail view**](#eduadmin-detailview).

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| courseid | integer | _null_ |
| coursename | boolean | null |
| coursepublicname | boolean | null |
| courselevel | boolean | null |
| courseimage | boolean | null |
| courseimagetext | boolean | null |
| coursedays | boolean | null |
| coursestarttime | boolean | null |
| courseendtime | boolean | null |
| courseprice | boolean | null |
| eventprice | boolean | null |
| coursedescriptionshort | boolean | null |
| coursedescription | boolean | null |
| coursegoal | boolean | null |
| coursetarget | boolean | null |
| courseprerequisites | boolean | null |
| courseafter | boolean | null |
| coursequote | boolean | null |
| courseeventlist | boolean | null |
| showmore | integer | null |
| courseattributeid | integer | null |
| courseeventlistfiltercity | boolean | null |
| pagetitlejs | boolean | null |
| bookurl | boolean | null |
| courseinquiryurl | boolean | null |
| order | string (`ASC`, `DESC`) | _null_ |
| orderby | string | _null_ |

We will go into each attribute on the [*custom template*](custom-template.md) page.

---

### `[eduadmin-detailview]`

This will output the default detail view, you can select from two templates (`template_A` and `template_B`).

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| template | string (`template_A`, `template_B`) | template_A |
| courseid | integer | _null_ |
| customtemplate | boolean | _null_ |
| showmore | integer | _null_ |
| hide | string | _null_ |

By setting the `template`-attribute, you can override the setting in the backend.

With the `courseid`-attribute, you can create a detail view for a specific course.

If you add the `customtemplate`-attribute, you can create your own [*custom template*](custom-template.md).

The `showmore`-attribute will limit the number of visible events in the event lists for the detail view,
before it starts showing a _Show more_-link to show all events.

The `hide`-attribute lets you hide certain elements from the default template, if you wanted to.

Available sections for hiding are
- description
- goal
- target
- prerequisites
- after
- quote
- time
- price

---

### `[eduadmin-eventinterest]`

This shortcode will output a interest registration form, for a course template, and a specific event.

Currently this shortcode doesn't have any attributes to customize it.

---

### `[eduadmin-listview]`

One of the main shortcodes, as it shows the end users

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| template | string (`template_A`, `template_B`) | template_A |
| category | string | _null_ |
| subject | string | _null_ |
| subjectid | integer | _null_ |
| hidesearch | boolean | false |
| onlyevents | boolean | false |
| onlyempty | boolean | false |
| numberofevents | numeric | _null_ |
| mode | string | _null_ |
| orderby | string | _null_ |
| order | string (`ASC`, `DESC`) | _null_ |
| showsearch | boolean | _null_ |
| showmore | boolean | _null_ |
| showcity | boolean | true |
| showbookbtn | boolean | true |
| showreadmorebtn | boolean | true |
| city | integer | _null_ |
| courselevel | integer | _null_ |
| searchCourse | string | _null_ |
| filtercity | string | _null_ |
| hideimages | boolean | _null_ |
| showimages | boolean | _null_ |

The `template`-attribute lets you override the default setting for what template the list should use.

The `category`-attribute lets you enter a string to match for categories in [**EduAdmin**](https://www.eduadmin.se), 
so that the list filters the results based on the matches.

The `subject`-attribute lets you enter a string to match subjects in [**EduAdmin**](https://www.eduadmin.se), 
so that the list filters the results based on the matches.

The `subjectid`-attribute lets you filter the list on a specific subject, based on its ID.

If you use the `hidesearch`-attribute, you can hide the default search bar.

The `onlyevents`-attribute will filter the list, to only contain course templates that have coming events.

The `onlyempty`-attribute will only show course templates without coming events.

The `numberofevents`-attribute will limit the number of visible events, 
by default we show all available from the results from the API.

You can set the `mode`-attribute to either `event` or `course`, to make the list show events or course templates.

The `orderby`-attribute gives you the possibility to change the sort order of the listed items,
and the `order`-attribute decides in which way it should sort.

`showsearch` will force the search bar to be visible.

`showmore` will enable the _Show more_ link and limit the amount of visible results.

The `showcity`-attribute will show the city where the event is held (if applicable)

And the `showbookbtn`-attribute will decide if you want to show the _Book_-button in the event list.

The `showreadmorebtn`-attribute decides if you want to show a _Read more_-button.

The `city`-attribute will filter the list to show events that occur in the entered city (`LocationId`).

The `courselevel`-attribute will filter the list to show courses that fall under the entered course level.

The `searchCourse`-attribute controls the freetext search.

If you enter the `filtercity`-attribute, the list will be filtered based on the string you put in.

The `hideimages`-attribute will hide the images for course templates, 
if it was enabled by backend settings.

The `showimages`-attribute will show the images for course templates,
if it was disabled by backend settings.

---

### `[eduadmin-loginview]`

Renders the login and the profile pages (if login is used).

Does not have any attributes to customize anything at the moment.

---

### `[eduadmin-loginwidget]`

This shortcode renders a _widget_ to handle login information.

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| logintext  | string | Log in |
| logouttext  | string | Log out |
| guesttext | string | Guest |

The `logintext`-attribute will change the text on the _Log in_ button/link to whatever you choose

The `logouttext`-attribute will change the text on the _Log out_ button/link to whatever you choose

The `guesttext`-attribute will change the text on the _Guest_ label to whatever you choose

---

### `[eduadmin-objectinterest]`

This shortcode will output a interest registration form, for a course template. 
It can be used with and without the attribute for `courseid`, depending on the use.

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| courseid | integer | _null_ |

The `courseid`-attribute will make the shortcode output a specific form, 
for that specific course template.

---

### `[eduadmin-programme-book]`

As with the other booking view, this is important if you want to be able to receive end users programme bookings.
It will render a predetermined form with all info needed to book a programme.

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| programmeid | integer | _null_ |
| programmestartid | integer | _null_ |

You can also build static pages and apply the attribute `programmeid` to make a programme specific form.
And if you also specify the `programmestartid`, it can be tied to a specific programme start.

---

### `[eduadmin-programme-detail]`

This is the detail view, to view a specific programme, 
it can be used to create a custom page with a specific programme,
or used as the default view for all programmes.

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| programmeid | integer | _null_ |

And if you want to create a specific page for a programme, 
you can also use the `programmeid`-attribute.

---

### `[eduadmin-programme-list]`

As with the normal list view, this view lists the available programmes you have created in [**EduAdmin**](https://www.eduadmin.se).

| Attribute | Value type | Default value |
|:----------|:----------:|:-------------:|
| category | string | _null_ |

And if you want to filter this list, you can apply the `category`-attribute.

---
